Importing direct LUNs from RHV (#416)
kubev2v/forklift-documentation: documentation/modules/snip-migrating-luns.adoc

Reviewer: we don't need this file anymore, right?

Author: @ahadas I left it in the branch just in case any of your comments or Liran's suggested the text would be needed in more than one place. If the RHV prereqs are the only place the information is needed, I'll remove the file before merging.

Reviewer: I see.
yeah, it would be better to include it also in the `Migrating virtual machines from the command line` section however there we don't have a prerequisites section per-provider but a general one - so for consistency we probably need a RHV-only bullet with this thingie there

I think that we reached a point where the structure of the `Migrating virtual machines from the command line` section doesn't make much sense anymore and we should consider having the following structure:
- Migrating virtual machines
  - vSphere
     - prerequisites
     - UI
     - CLI
  - RHV
    - prerequisites
     - UI
     - CLI
 ....

but that's too late for 2.5

Author: @ahadas @anarnold97 Agree with the comments here. At some point, I'll be reviewing the structure and contents of the MTV user guide and will appreciate your input as well. For now, I'm adding a RHV-specific prerequisite to the migrating using the CLI section.

Author: @ahadas Added the prerequisite to the CLI section. Had to split the text between the snippet and the regular text to deal with formatting challenge. Won't impact the users at all.

Reviewer 2: it will be seen both in `Migrating virtual machines from the command line` and in `RHV prerequisites`?

Author: @liranr23 yes -- let me fix the previews listed in the description.

Author: @liranr23 Please see https://file.emea.redhat.com/rhoch/lun/html-single/#migrating-virtual-machines-cli_mtv {Preview number 2]

:_content-type: SNIPPET

[NOTE]
====

> {project-short} supports direct migration of logical units numbers (LUNs) from {rhv-full} ({rhv-short}) source providers as follows:

Reviewer: this sounds like we can list the direct LUNs, like virtual machines, on the source provider and migrate them to the OCP cluster
how about: 
```suggestion
{project-short} supports migration of virtual machines with logical units numbers (LUNs), other than Fibre Channel, from {rhv-full} ({rhv-short}) source providers as follows:
```

> * LUNs are detached from the source provider and then attached to the target providers.

Reviewer: how about:
```suggestion
* Unlike disk images that **are copied** from the source provider to the target provider, LUNs are detached from virtual machines in the source provider and then attached to the virtual machines that are created in the target provider.
```

> 

Reviewer: I'm not sure if that's the right place for it but we can add something like:
LUNs are not removed from the source provider during the migration but remain detached in case fallback to the source provider is requied. However, before re-attaching the LUNS to virtual machines in the source provider please note that you need to make sure the LUNs are not attached to VMs on the target environments at the same time as this could lead to date corruption.

> * LUNs are detached from the source provider and then attached to the target providers, rather than being copied directly.

Reviewer 2: the `rather than being copied directly` sounds a bit bad to me. it's true compared to other disks, but i don't think LUNs are expected to be copied at all as the type of storage is direct LUN. but, i can't think of something else to highlight it.

Author: @liranr23 Would it better to say " LUNs are detached from the source provider and then attached to the target providers." and leave it at that?

Reviewer 2: yeah, i think it's better.

> * Unlike disk images that _are copied_ from a source provider to a target provider, LUNs are _detached_, _but not removed_, from virtual machines in the source provider and then attached to the virtual machines (VMs) that are created in the target provider.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Unlike disk images that _are copied_ from a source provider to a target provider, LUNs are _detached_, _but not removed_, from virtual machines in the source provider, and then attached to the virtual machines (VMs) that are created in the target provider.
```

> * LUNs are not removed from the source provider during the migration in case fallback to the source provider is required. However, before re-attaching the LUNs to VMs in the source provider, be sure that the LUNs are not used by VMs on the target environment at the same time, which might lead to data corruption.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* LUNs are not removed from the source provider during the migration, in case fallback to the source provider is required. However, before re-attaching the LUNs to VMs in the source provider, verify that the LUNs are not used by VMs on the target environment at the same time, which might lead to data corruption.
```

Author: Good catch.

:_content-type: SNIPPET

> {project-short} supports direct migration of virtual machines with logical unit numbers (LUNs), other than Fibre Channel, from {rhv-full} ({rhv-short}) source providers as follows:

Reviewer: it's not clear to me what "direct migration" means, how about dropping the "direct" part?
```suggestion
{project-short} supports migration of virtual machines with logical unit numbers (LUNs), other than Fibre Channel, from {rhv-full} ({rhv-short}) source providers as follows:
```

* Unlike disk images that _are copied_ from a source provider to a target provider, LUNs are detached, but not removed, from virtual machines in the source provider and then attached to the virtual machines (VMs) that are created in the target provider.

* LUNs are not removed from the source provider during the migration in case fallback to the source provider is required. However, before re-attaching the LUNs to VMs in the source provider, be sure that the LUNs are not used by VMs on the target environment at the same time, which might lead to data corruption.

> * If you are migrating a virtual machine with a direct LUN disk, ensure that the nodes in the {virt} destination cluster that the VM is expected to run on can access the backend storage.

Reviewer: as we place this part in the prerequisites for RHV provider, which I believe is the right place for it, maybe we should start with this point as a prerequisite and then elaborate on it with the rest of the text here?
